it sounds what anyone past a present and
give you a question but I think
ultimately the biggest pop star of all
time best answer for you Michael Jackson
my earliest memory is the day before I
started school when I was four I was
knocked down by a guy in a boys school
and I ran across a role he wasn't pretty
Hospital also buying stitches yeah
that's probably the earliest memory I
have if I was invisible for a day
probably I probably go to Manchester
United I probably went to Sir Alex
meeting room and just missing them
watching you know see how exactly what
goes on behind closed doors that you
don't get to see it's probably over the
years is probably being a weekends
takeaway food and kind of you know I'll
be quite healthy usually a trained hired
so for that so but I kind of feel if you
work hard you play hard and at the
weekend and I'm you know you know fish
and chips not necessarily the fish with
the chips with his vinegar you know when
you open the bag and they go waffle
vinegar that's it it's probably me
my fancy dress costume of choice
probably something from topical and top
guns my favorite movie so and I there
there you know the stuff they wear when
the flying the Jets are else they and
the Marines and the whole whites another
kind of white
you know gloves and hats and all that
kind of always looks quite slick